welcome back to film on today i'm going
to explain the movie called gerald's
game from 2017. spoilers ahead watch out
and take care and i hope you enjoy it
this movie is about a married couple
named jesse and gerald they went to a
quiet place far from their city to enjoy
themselves
but how will the situation get worse in
that place we will explain it ahead in
this video
at the beginning of the movie we saw
that gerald was going on a trip with his
wife for the past few days their
relationship was getting worse and
that's why they're going on this trip to
enjoy themselves and make their
relationship stronger
while driving they found a wild dog in
the middle of the road it was eating a
dead animal when they reached their
cottage jessie noticed that the dog had
come here by following them
jessie gave some meat to the dog
jesse was getting ready to get along
with gerald and she wore a beautiful
dress as well
suddenly gerald entered the room with
some handcuffs
gerald tied her up with the handcuffs to
the bed to have sex
they enjoyed it for some moments and
then gerald went to take viagra with the
excuse of drinking water
gerald tried to have sex with jesse but
jessie didn't like his behavior
jesse felt like gerald was trying to
rape her and she told him to stop right
now
with that they began to argue with each
other and then suddenly gerald had a
heart attack and he fell down on jesse
jesse tried to get him up but gerald
fell down from the bed
jesse realized that her husband had died
she tried to unlock her handcuffs but
she failed
after some time jessie heard a footstep
and it was the wild dog it entered their
room and it started to eat gerald's dead
body
jesse threw a book towards the dog and
the dog went a few steps back and then
sat down
after a few seconds gerald once again
woke up and jesse realized that it was
just her hallucination
gerald started talking to jessie but
actually it was still just her
hallucination
and jessie was talking to herself
gerald told her that she will never be
able to get out of these handcuffs and
you're about to die here
just like that jessie saw another woman
who looks like her and she was
motivating her to stay alive
and we realized that these two persons
were two sides of jesse's mind
gerald was on the negative side and
jessie was on the positive side of her
mind
it has been two hours since jesse has
been tied up to the bed that's why she
was getting too thirsty
gerald was talking to jessie and told
her that i've been hiding this viagra
from you for six months
jesse told him that i knew it but still
i ignored it intentionally
jessie did this so that their
relationship doesn't get worse
while jessie was talking to gerald then
her hallucination jessie told her that
you should be grateful that today gerald
took the blue pill
jesse told her that i didn't get it
jesse remembered that when gerald took
the viagra pill he left the glass of
water on the shelf near her bed
she tried to get the water glass and she
succeeded
but unfortunately she was not able to
drink it since her hand would not get to
her mouth
and that's why she had put the glass
back on the shelf
after some time jessie found the tag of
her dress
she rolled it up and made a straw out of
it
therefore she was able to drink the
water
it was night and jesse fell asleep but
in the middle of the night she heard a
scream of a human
when she woke up she saw a monster in
front of her and there was a box in his
hand
and the box was full of jewelry and
bones
jesse closed her eyes and tried to
convince herself that this monster was
also her hallucination just like gerald
and jessie herself gerald told jesse
that a quiet place like this is the home
of ghosts and they come out at night
but jesse told him that this is just an
illusion like you
when jessie opened her eyes the monster
was not there but gerald was still there
he called her mouse multiple times
jesse recalled some memories of her
childhood
we found out that jessie's dad used to
call her mouse
and her dad molested her once in her
childhood
that's why jessie hates the word mouse
when jessie woke up in the morning she
saw that the wild dog was licking her
leg
jesse kicked the dog in its face
multiple times and the dog went back and
sat down
after a few seconds jessie realized that
her hands were paralyzed since there was
no blood circulation in her legs
her subconscious mind which means jessie
told her to move her legs continuously
to continue the blood circulation in her
body
and this trick worked like a charm
jesse's hand became normal and jesse
drank the leftover water from the glass
her subconscious talked to her about the
dream and she told her that marrying
gerald was the biggest mistake of her
life
gerald had cheated on you multiple times
with the excuse of business trips
actually jessie already knew all of this
but still after hearing this jessie
started to cry
gerald once again told her about the
monster but jessie's subconsciousness
told her that it was just an illusion
after some time gerald showed her some
footprints on the floor and the
footprints were so big
therefore jessie realized that the
monster was actually real
gerald told her that tonight that
monster will come and then he will kill
you to take your bones and your wedding
ring
it was about to get dark and jessie was
getting so sick as well
she was too sleepy but if she falls
asleep then she might die tonight that's
why her subconsciousness told her not to
fall asleep and motivated her to stay
alive
once again jessie recalled another
memory of her childhood and she
remembered that human blood is almost as
thin as oil
she looked at the glass and she was
thinking of doing something but her
subconsciousness told her that it would
be too painful
actually jessie was thinking of cutting
her hand by breaking the glass so that
she could get her hands out of the
handcuffs with the oily effect of her
blood
jessie broke the glass and cut her hand
very badly but when she took out her
hand from the handcuff there was no skin
left on her hand
after freeing one of her hands she took
the key from the desk and opened the
other handcuff with the help of her
mouth because her hand was not working
at all
at first jesse put some bandages on her
wounded hand and then she tried to run
away from there with the car
but since she was so sick she passed out
when she woke up the monster entered the
room
jesse put her wedding ring into the
monster's box and ran away from there
she was still thinking that this monster
was just an illusion
in the next scene we saw that jessie was
driving her car but she felt like
someone was there in the back seat
therefore she got distracted and her car
crashed into a tree
there were some houses near the accident
scene
the people from those houses came
outside to help jessie
the scene shifted from here to six
months ahead
we saw that jessie was totally fine but
her hand was not totally recovered
we saw that jessie started a foundation
with the life insurance money of gerald
she helps the kids who were abused in
their childhood
but still jessie gets the nightmare of
that monster and it was too painful for
her to sleep the police did an inquiry
of that cottage and they found nothing
in the cottage
after some time jessie saw an article in
the newspaper and she saw the picture of
raymond andrew he was the monster who
she saw in the cottage and gave her ring
to him and we realized that the monster
was not her imagination and he was real
jesse also found out that andrew would
always cut the dead bodies of males and
put their jewelry along with their bones
in his box
some days ago andrew attacked a living
person and he got arrested
andrew was a normal human but he had a
rare disease
therefore his body was too big and ugly
that's why he looked like a monster
after that we saw that jessie was in
front of andrew in the courtroom
jessie saw her husband and her dad's
face in andrew's face
jesse told andrew that you're too small
in my memories
after saying this jessie went outside
with a smile on her face
if we talk about the ending of the movie
then we will realize that jessie was
living in pain since her childhood her
own dad molested her when she was a kid
and after her marriage her husband
treated her very badly after the death
of her husband the monster from the
cottage would always scare her in her
dreams
but after coming out of the courtroom
jessie got rid of these bad memories she
felt so happy today we get to learn from
this movie that the negative side of our
mind is not always wrong
if we get any negative thoughts then we
shouldn't ignore them like this we
should be careful with our decisions
for example when jessie was locked up
gerald told her that the monster was
real but jesse's subconsciousness the
positive side of her mind told her that
the monster was just an illusion
along with that the positive side of her
mind also told her not to cut her hand
but if jessie didn't do it then she
would never be able to get out of that
cottage and she would have died in that
cottage
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well
thanks